Notes from Meeting 05/02/2015
-----------------------------

===============================================================
===============================================================
===============================================================
1 : What we need for Pitch
2 : Database Model	
	2.1 : Entities
	2.2 : ER-Diagram
3 : User Personas
	3.1 : 'Basic' User
	3.2 : 'Expert' User
	3.3 : 'Troll'
4: What we need to do
===============================================================
===============================================================
===============================================================


1 : What we need for Pitch:
	- Team Name + Project Name
	- Outline of Site + Main Features
	- User Personas (x3)
	- ER-Diagram
	- nTier Model
	- Requiremnents
		- What we want
		- What we'd like
		- What we don't want to do
	- Wireframes (For next meeting)
	- URL Mappings (For next meeting)
	- Sitemap (For next meeting)

2 : Database Model
------------------
2.1 : Entities
--------------

User
	- Username / Email
	- Password
	- Questions/Posts written
	- Total Votes + Views
	- 'Followed' tags

Questions/Posts
	- Author
	- Content
	- Tags
	- Votes/Score + Views
	- Comments

Comments
	- Parent
	- Author
	- Content
	- Votes/Score



2.2 : ER-Diagram
-----------------
[ Users ] 1 ---------- < Makes > ---------- m [ Questions/Posts ] 1 --------- < have > ---------- m [ Comments ]



3 : User Personas
-------------

3.1 : 'Basic' Prorgrammer : Would like to be able to ask questions and seek help when they are writting their "Hello World" applications (*).

3.2 :'Expert' Programmer : Wants to fufill their inflated ego by shown just how much they know to everyone and anyone who will list. Doesn't mind helping the 'basic' or 'advanced'

3.3 : 'Troll'	: Someone who posts intenionally wrong and/or missleading answers or even abusive and unhelpful content. 
					- We can get back at them as comments with a better score apper more often/futher up than ones without score. (This shouldn't happen very often as 	it's only students but the system will be in place just incase (+))


4 : What we need to do for next meeting
------------------------------------

	A: Make sample homepage Wireframe
	B: Make list of requirements
	C: Think of URL mappings and Sitemap



+ - Also going to add a flag, or report, system as well.
* - Going to add a sort of Delete function. This will make question annoymous so user isn't associated with it.
